Fortnite Chapter 7 just released and I'm
not only about to show you the best
in-game settings for the absolute best
performance, but I'm also going to give
you my custom Nvidia profile inspector
profile, which you can straight up apply
to your PC. I'm also going to show you
other methods to actually give you a
competitive advantage, and explain a lot
more. But you know what's just as
important as having the right Fortnite
settings for maximum FPS, getting really
low ping, and this where J Booster comes
in clutch. J Booster is your number one
gaming service when it comes down to
reducing your ping. With the top link in
my video description, you can, by the
way, try it out for absolutely free,
guys. and even pros like Zen are using
it. It's going to help you to find the
best DNS servers in your near to make
sure to get the least amount of latency
in all your favorite games. [music] No
matter if you're playing Fortnite, CS2,
Valerin, or the wide variety of games
which GU actually supports. Not only
does it help you to reduce [music] your
ping, but also give you better stability
in games. So, if you sometimes have
random lag spikes or you have connection
issues, GU is going to help you to
counter that. So, therefore, try out J
Booster for absolutely free as mentioned
with the top link in my video
description. [music] And now, guys, I'm
about to show you the best in-game
settings. And first of all, let's begin
and the video with display windowed
mode. This one you always want to turn
on full screen, guys. You don't want to
use windowed full screen because this is
actually going to give you additional
latency. For resolutions, I'm of course
you're playing now on 1920* 1080p since
this is what most Fortnite pros are
forced to play anyways when it comes
down to lens and stuff like that. So
therefore, yeah, I do have also as well
a full-on dedicated guide where I show
you how to apply the best stretch
resolutions in Fortnite. So therefore,
make sure you check out that one
afterwards as well. If you feel like
maybe trying out something like 1720*
1080, which is Peter stretch resolution,
VSync should be completely turned off
unless you're playing on a 60 to 75 Hz
monitor with a lot of visual glitches.
That can actually help you. Other than
that, always turn off VSYNC. Frame rate
limiter for me is right now set on
unlimited. But actually, what I do
instead guys is go into my game user
settings and set my maximum FPS actually
FPS underneath my maximum monto refresh
rate. Since I'm normally playing on 360
Hz, what I'm doing is going into my game
user settings as mentioned and changing
it manually to 357. These free FPS less
are going to help your Fortnite to
basically sync better. This is something
to do with the Unreal Engine and
provides you a lot more stable FPS. Then
for the rendering mode, guys, we have
now multiple performance modes. And what
I actually found out is even on modern
hardware like I'm running right now a
new Ryzen 7 9,800X 3D, the legacy
performance mode still works the best.
Of course, even now the new performance
mode, which they are actually describing
as running a lot better when it comes
down to newer hardware. But if you're
experiencing struggle on that one, I
would highly recommend you to just
simply go back to legacy performance
mode. This is the one which has been on
Fortnite literally for years now. Then
for the graphics settings, actually for
my brightness, I'm keeping it on 100%.
User interface contrasts on 1x. Color
blind mode on Triton set to 7. This one
looks the best in my opinion, guys. You
can of course even go a little bit
higher with the color number itself.
This is going to make your game a little
bit brighter. Or if you go down here
now, it's just going to have a little
bit more shadows to it. Then the user
interface parallax on is literally not
really that important. It's only affects
like in the shop and stuff like that.
And now next up, the graphics quality
performance mode settings. This is now
where you can actually squeeze out a lot
of FPS. My 3D resolution I always keep
on 100% for the competitive advantage.
But what I can highly tell you guys is
if you go down to something, let's say
like 80 where your Fortnite is still
going to look completely fine, guys.
This is not going to make a huge
difference in terms of visuals. you're
actually going to gain a lot more FPS on
average because this is overall
determining how high quality your
Fortnite is being rendered. So
therefore, your whole entire picture is
not anymore full quality 100% but only
80% which still looks completely fine
but you're going to gain a lot of FPS
through that. So therefore definitely
try it out or something like 90 maybe.
Dynamic 3D resolution going to keep on
off. Viewing distance I would personally
keep on medium because if you keep this
one here on you're only going to see
around 250 m which is super low
especially for competitive. And now for
chapter 7, you definitely want to keep
it on medium, guys, because we have
white spaces in this map. And textures
on low, of course, and meshes on low as
well. These are two important modes.
Just simply keep them on the lowest
possible because I don't really care
about how textures look like, especially
not in competitive game like Fortnite.
Now, advanced graphics, show FPS, just
simply on latency markers, you don't
really need this. Only like an intern
benchmark for Nvidia cards. And then the
Nvidia reflex low latency mode. This one
I highly recommend you to keep at least
on on. And why this feature is so
important is actually very easy to
understand. The Nvidia reflex low
latency mode basically cuts down the
amount of pre-rendered frames. Usually
that's free FPS which are being
pre-rendered. So the picture which
you're right now seeing in Fortnite is
actually outdated by free frames. And
with the Nvidia reflex low latency mode
just simply on on is going to cut it
down to only one frame being
pre-rendered which is going to give you
a lot lower latency. So therefore highly
would recommend to utilize this. And the
best part about this is since this is
now built into the engine and not over
the driver anymore like through the
Nvidia control panel as an example, this
is not super hardware demanding anymore.
You can easily enable this on most
modern PCs, glitchy even with the RTX
2060 or something like that. If you have
very good cooling in your PC, you can
even go on on plus boost. It's going to
ensure that your GPU clock is going to
be higher at all time, which is going to
also produce a lot more heat. So
therefore, be aware that your PC has to
have really good cooling for this
because other than that, your GPU is
just going to overheat and you're
actually going to lose FPS. But for
anyone here watching with Nvidia Cut,
you can 99% sure just simply put this on
on this going to work amazing. Report
performance sets on disabled. We don't
want to use this because there's
basically a benchmark running in the
background. Next up on the sound, guys,
sound quality you actually want to keep
on low. This is even described in the
launcher itself. If you put on high
quality, it's going to sound better, but
it can decrease performance. And then if
you're playing actually competitive, I
would highly recommend you to utilize
visualized sound effects on on. This is
just simply going to give you all of the
extra info which you need when you are
playing competitive. So therefore, if
you're trying to grind in Fortnite and
become a lot better, definitely utilize
visualized sound effects. But of course,
keep in mind this again hardware
demanding. So therefore if you're
struggling with FPS you can also turn it
off and then we are already good to go
and apply. Now many people are also
asking me personally about the best. Now
many people also personally asking me
about the best double movement settings
guys. The settings which I'm using right
now personally don't really bother you
at all while freebuilding and all of
that. So therefore I would highly
recommend you them. So therefore if you
go into Fortnite right now into your
settings and then mouse and keyboard I
would highly recommend you to go for
your forward diagonal angle to 70,
strafe angle to 90 and backwards
diagonal angle to 135. This as well what
many Fortnite pros are right now using
and I can highly highly recommend you
this guys. Like this is super easy to
play with and it's actually giving you
all of the advantages which you need
while moving around freely in Fortnite
so that you're actually not getting
stuck by a movement especially if you
want to go around corners and stuff like
that. You know, it's not going to be
like too harsh where it's actually going
to stop your character because if you
put your diagonal angle a little bit too
hard, it's going to weirdly stop your
character while moving. So therefore,
just simply the settings which I'm right
now here showing you. And now guys, I'm
about to show you the best Nvidia
profile inspector settings with my own
custom profiles so that you can get the
maximum FPS and least amount of input
delay in Fortnite Chapter 7. And what
we're going to need in the first place
guys is the Nvidia Profile Inspector,
which you can either Google up or click
onto the link in the video description
where you can click onto the latest
version. And then you just simply have
to scroll down until you can find the
Nvidia profile inspector zip file. And
once you got it, just simply drag the
exit onto [music] your desktop. Then
next up, what you have to do is go to
discord.gg/less drives, which is my
official discord. Link to it is going to
be in the description or on screen right
now. And then you're going to find
performance packs under important. What
you can do as well is just simply search
up performance until you can find the
performance packs channel. And in here
then I'm going to post [music]
afterwards the config after the video
has been uploaded. You can get it from
here guys. By the way, this message
always appears no matter what you're
trying to upload onto your Discord since
this is a VinRA or zip file. You're
going to need sevenzip or VRA as
mentioned to open this up. And once you
get it, it should look a little bit like
this here. Nvidia config bless stripes.
And then we're going to open up first of
all the Nvidia profile inspector. And
once you're in here, now we're going to
go into this top bar and type in there
actually Fortnite [music] to load up
Fortnite itself, the Windows 64 shipping
X. Now you can see there are no settings
applied in here. So therefore, what
we're going to do is click under import
userdefined profiles. And then you're
going to select the profile which I just
gave you from the official pack guys.
You can then see profile successfully
imported and we're going to click under
okay. And then I'm going to briefly
explain all of these settings which we
actually changed. First of all, any sort
of frame rate limiter should be
completely turned off. G-Sync as well,
same thing. Unless you're using a G-Sync
monitor, completely useless. Then the
maximum pre-rendered frames and ultra
low latency mode kind of don't play too
much of a role anymore since this is
actually built into the Fortnite engine
itself. Maximum pre-rendered frames is
like a super old tag as mentioned which
is actually reducing the amount of
pre-rendered frames from 3 to one which
is going to give you a lot less input
delay. And then the ultra low latency
mode kind of replaced it. But since
Fortnite is actually rendering this in
game via engine and not anymore
overdriver, you can just simply keep the
auto latency mode enabled on on and then
the control panel state on ultra. And
that way you're just making sure that
you're actually getting the low latency
mode. But as mentioned, this is a
setting which we previously applied
actually in the official Fortnite
setting. It's called the Nvidia reflex
low latency mode. So therefore, yeah, if
you're already utilizing that one, it's
going to override the auto latency mode
and [music] pre-rendered frames. Then
vertical sync should be completely
turned off as mentioned, unless you're
running 60 or 75 Hz. Anything which has
something to do with vertical sync
should be completely off. Next up, we
have antilizing FXA enabled. And if
you're not using any sort of antialyzing
to actually make objects appear a little
bit sharper in the distance, just simply
leave this on off or just simply the
settings which are getting edgy from
this pack. I don't really care about
like how sharp edges are in the
distance. I'm playing Fortnite. The game
looks anyway so cartoonish, you won't
really even notice this. So therefore,
I'm just trying to go for maximum FPS.
Then gamma correction, leave on on. Of
course, transparency super sampling
going to leave on disabled as well. And
then MSAA we're also not utilizing which
is kind of like an improved version of
antilying which we're also not using in
Fortnite. So therefore, don't really
care about it. The only thing which is
somewhat important is anti-trophic
filtering optimization and sample
optimization. Both of these should be on
on which is going to help your Fortnite
to load textures faster, which might not
look as good anymore, but as mentioned,
I don't really care about it. I just
want better performance. And then LOD
bias, just something you can leave on
allow. This is only important if you're
actually trying to apply potato graphics
in Fortnite. I have also a full entire
tutorial on on my channel. And then
texture, photo, and quality. We're just
going to keep on high performance. Then
you're already good to go. Click apply.
and you already apply the best Fortnite
Nvidia profile inspector settings for
2026 or chapter